Release 184.0.0 (#4607)
MetaMask/core: packages/eth-json-rpc-provider/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [4.1.3]

### Changed

- Bump `typescript` from `~5.0.4` to `~5.2.2` ([#4576](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4576), [#4584](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4584))

### Fixed

> - Fix SafeEventEmitterProvider invalid default params ([#4603](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4603))

Reviewer: Looks like there's more detail in the PR description that we could supply here. Currently the entry is a bit vague.

```suggestion
- Fix the `params` property of the `SafeEventEmitterProvider` class EIP-1193 request object so that its default value is an empty array, not an empty object ([#4603](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4603))
  - Fixes `SafeEventEmitterProvider` failure to send `net_version` requests correctly.
  - In general, passing an empty object `params` property into a method that has array parameters can result in failure.
```

Reviewer: For a Fixed entry, we should also add info about where the bug was introduced wherever possible (edited above comment).
